------------------------------------
(Learn more->About):
(What?)	The ABA Lookup tool is designed to facilitate the process of matching ABA therapists with parents of children with Autism Spectrum disorder (ASD).  This tool allows parents to quickly and easily search through available therapists and view their schedule to contact and acquire a therapist more quickly and easily. ABA Lookup not only helps parents search for therapists, but also to assist therapists in acquiring a family much more quickly than the conventional way of posting advertisements around town. This tool allows you to post your weekly schedule of availability for parents to see, thus greatly improving the opportunity to find work. 
(Why develop the lookup?)	When it comes to finding an Applied Behaviour Analysis (ABA) therapist in guiding the development of your child, parents/guardians often encounter great difficulty in finding and/or acquiring a therapist within a reasonable amount of time. That time can be further lengthened by the possibility of incompatibility between the child and therapist, but also the possible inconvenient scheduling times with a party. On the other hand, therapists can encounter difficulty in finding a family just as well and easily as parents can in finding a therapist for their child. This matching tool, we hope, will drastically decrease the time and effort necessary for the typical process in searching for the other party by means of written, typed or scattered electronic advertisements by providing a single website where either party can go and simply perform an online search for the other party. 
----------------------------------	
(Post-landing page/sign up page):
(Parents)	Here, you can sign up as a parent (by creating a unique username and password), custom tailor a schedule to show what days of the week you’re available for your child to meet with the therapist for sessions. As a parent, you can then search for therapists that match your child’s needs and alternatively, therapists can search and view your times of availability each week and contact you. Parents can choose to contact a therapist (or as many as you desire), and they respond from their email.
(Therapists)	Here, as a therapist, you can create/register an account by creating a unique username and password and begin searching families seeking therapy for their child(ren). After creating an account, you may then produce your custom schedule for times of availability for parents to view. They then can decide to contact you through email, or alternatively you may search and view parents’ schedules and contact them via email. 
--------------------------------
(Searching page - Therapist)	This section here is where therapists can search and find a family that best suits their available times in posting their weekly availability schedule as well as viewing the family’s times of availability. 
(Searching page - Parents)	Here, you can search all available therapists and, in their profile, view their weekly availability and then decide to contact that person or to keep looking.
-------------------------------
(Login page - details)	Login with the email address and password you entered when you created your account. This information can be found in your email inbox. Please note: credentials are case-sensitive.
------------------------------
**************************                      Gerry’s early birthday gift from Ryan! :
(User Verification Email)	Hello there, we’re just writing to let you know that this email has recently been used to register with ABALookup. If this is you, please click the link below to confirm your email address:     If this doesn’t apply to you, simply ignore and delete this email. Thanks!     Warm regards, the ABALookup Team
(Password reset email)		Hello there, we’ve received news that you’ve forgotten your password on ABALookup. If this does not apply to you, please ignore and delete this email. To reset this, simply follow this link below:      Thanks!    Warm regards, The ABALookup Team
**************************
(Pre-landing page)	With current efforts to match ABA therapists and parents being scattered, the MUN Computer Science Community Initiative aims to focus these efforts into one easy to use, online tool. Instead of using job advertisements, bulletin boards or word of mouth, users of ABALookup will be able to use one central resource to find the therapist that works for them in a fraction of the time that was previously required, at no cost. If you think this service could help you or your family, or to find out more please click on the Learn More link above.
----------------------------		

The problem in finding a therapist or family is often threefold:
1. Finding a therapist or family is a challenge in itself.
2. Successfully finding a therapist or family only to realize that the schedules don’t match, resulting in repeating the entire process.
3. Finding out if the therapist and the child requiring therapy are a good match.
ABALookup eliminates the first two problems.  By providing one central location for both therapists and parents to find each other, it saves time and energy resulting in a child with ASD receiving the therapy they need as soon as possible.   
After entering their schedule and any other criteria (IE: Location, whether the child prefers Male or Female therapists, etc), the search finds a match based on your personal needs.  The first result in the list is designated as the best match for you according to the input you provided.  In doing this we eliminate both the first and second problems, namely locating a therapist and matching the schedule of both the therapist and the parents.
With two thirds of the problem taken care of, all that is left is to introduce both the therapist and the child.  At this point we hope that you have successfully found your therapist.  If not, it is only a matter of contacting the second result on your list, thus saving you from having to start from square one.
